From the beautiful Sydney Opera House in Sydney, Australia!
We're not in the main room, we're in a sexy little underground dungeon called the studio here.
Harmontown is in session.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden!
Hey guys, how's it going man?
Oh, I'm good.
You're looking good.
No.
You're not good.
Thank you.
I think it's good. Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Hello for the second night, Sydney, Australia.
Port Capital of the World.
A ship hull to the planet.
The big city in the place down there.
I'm not afraid to say it.
You've been wonderful to us.
Hold on.
I did another, I did a panel tonight.
You're not allowed to ask for your money back, I'm not in charge of that.
But it's going to be a bad show.
Are you saying that we're not going to get a chicken dinner after the show tonight?
Because I distinctly wished you chukas before the show.
When I say bad show, you need to lower your bar.
Because here's the thing that happened last night.
As you know, I'm afraid of the fact that I don't have an act, so I'll do a rap.
I'll end the show with a rap.
It's like, oh, they have to applaud.
You have to do something to end the show that has no...
I did a rap about Australia.
I said the word Australia, and I couldn't rhyme it.
Then everyone starts yelling out, genitalia and all this shit.
But I just want to point out to you that that's a pretty cool thing.
That you, to buy a ticket to a performer who is so committed to not preparing for a show,
that he can spend a 15-hour flight to a continent he's pretty sure he'll be rapping about.
And he doesn't have a rhyme, one rhyme, for the name of the continent.
What you're getting when you come to my show is not corporate bullshit.
Kepler didn't decide what you'd be tasting.
Sometimes, therefore, it will be shit.
Sometimes, you'll be tasting shit.
Sometimes, it's Harry Potter's Dumbledore...
Sometimes, you get the nice chukkas.
A nice what?
Do you not listen to the beginning of the show?
I found out the chukkas, which is their break of leg,
means that you get a chicken dinner after the show if you do a good job.
No, I don't listen to the... No.
What am I supposed to listen to?
What are you doing back there?
I'm getting in the zone.
You're coming up with rhymes for Tasmania.
This conflict is hilarious, but we couldn't hear you back there.
Sometimes, I'll make a crack if I notice it's been eight minutes.
I'll go, hey, can Jeff keep it to a tight ten here?
I don't hear what's happening.
All I hear is the sound of my laughs getting sucked into your hat.
You know that metaphor.
You know the old...
The laugh-sucking hat.
The laugh-sucking hat by Roald Dahl.
Anyways, no, I didn't hear...
I didn't hear, tell me, you already told me.
I got scared, you came back, I thought you were saying they were rowdy tonight.
You were like, there's a lot of people, they seem fine.
They're just good fun here.
We thought, like, Brisbane was a little nutty,
and Melbourne, a guy vomited in his shoe and then got in a fight.
But in a hip way.
That made you ask, what's a shoe?
How do you puke in it?
Well, it's the earliest that's ever been 9-11 in our show.
This is going to be the 9-11 of shows.
Thank you, 9-11 Watchers.
Our international scouts.
Be honest, is there anybody here that actually sets like an alarm for that
so that they won't forget that it's 9-11?
Yup.
We got Australian Dave Kline out there.
Yup, mate.
Alright, okay, it's our last night in Sydney.
Let's take this relationship to a deeper place than we have.
First, with sincerity, I'm not going to say, it's nice weather.
I mean, your opera house is shaped funny, like a porcupine.
We're beyond that. We're now into the surface.
I want to say kudos to you.
It seems like my girlfriend pointed out, and I was like, yeah, you're right.
I think I did notice that too.
There's a very, very gentlemanly sidewalk culture here.
Gentlemen are not guaranteed to fucking leer and cat-call and who's a witzel.
Jesus, did you not notice that? Are you guys not proud of that?
I'm not sure what you're talking about.
You're saying that they're gentlemanly towards women walking down the street.
Yeah, they don't scream at women.
There's not as much rubber-necking and like kind of intimidation and stuff like stranger to stranger.
Well, all the women disagree with you.
Okay, alright.
Well, what do they know?
They're crazy, yeah.
I never got cat-called once.
Those seats could have been filled with juicy cocks.
This is a man's show.
I want juicy nuts and hard cocks in those seats.
That's the Harmontown guarantee.
I was walking down the road by myself in Brisbane. I went over to the West End
and there was a guy that was honking his horn and he yelled out to...
I'm assuming a woman.
I mean, it could have been anybody.
He said, you got a fairness!
Oh, okay. I guess I was wrong.
Alright.
I don't know what...
What would be the best case scenario that you guys would all applaud yourselves?
You're right. We do have no sexual harassment in our city.
You would be the worst city in the world if you did that.
That was true. You'd be shitty people.
Here's how polite things are. I took a little wander today
and I ended up in no direction.
My phone, like, data wasn't working.
So I was like, I'm just going to walk.
I can still see where the downtown is, I know, my way back.
And I ended up in King's Cross and there was a bunch of bikers over there
hanging out in front of whorehouses?
Like strip clubs, right?
10 a.m., everybody's in casinos and strip clubs.
It is a million, like, Hell's Angels looking bikers.
And they were the nicest people.
I guess the first way I received that is I feel like you're...
I feel like you're beating me at some kind of traveling contest.
I had waffles.
Well, Jeff is way better at traveling than you.
I never wanted to find that out, you know?
It's not why I invited him.
Invited me?
Yeah.
That's right, sir.
But now it all comes out.
Yeah, that's right, I invited you.
I saw your e-vites and I said, yes.
Can we bring out a professional from the Australian Entertainment District?
A friend I made tonight.
I want you to meet my friend, Josh Thomas.
Okay, I just want you to be happy.
That ship has sailed, Josh.
It's like, notice the bottle of vodka.
All right, and this isn't...
You've never been on the show, so you don't know.
This is me.
I know some not a performer.
You know, tweeting.
I'm not tweeting.
I'm not, like, looking.
I'm like, who else could have known?
It's Tracy Allman still.
But I honestly, I mean, it's not making any bones about the fact that I don't...
I've not seen a single frame of your work.
We just met.
I just met and I just liked him sitting next to him at a thing.
I'm going to worry about this.
I think Luke's here and I don't want Luke to think that means I don't like him and anybody that...
Well, you seem to have just said that.
I was sitting near as to you.
I'm worried because I feel like we did the panel today and I had a nice time with you
and you had a nice time with me and then you thought, let's keep this going.
And I just don't know if it's going to happen again.
I feel like we're chasing the heroin.
I don't want to do that.
Yeah, no, let's resign ourselves to not liking each other.
We'll just get there now.
I fucking hate you.
We don't like the cut of each other's chips.
We're strangers to each other.
But we have strangers up on stage in the show all the time.
We get to know them.
You're an Australian.
Sorry for saying that I hate you.
I mean, it's okay.
Well, I like you.
And if you said you hated me as long as...
Hate me because I'm a genius.
And then I'm like bulletproof.
But if you hate me because I'm not talented, then I have to figure out a way to kill you.
I have literally no feelings towards you.
There's a lot more ways than just those two to hate you.
Like so many ways.
There's all these accesses of hate that don't even cross talent or genius at all.
You know, let's just, I mean, race for one.
People hate people for race all the time.
The fact that you think all seats should be filled with juicy balls.
Right. Hard cocks.
Do you think I should be hated for that, Josh Thomas?
I thought it was very progressive of me.
Yeah.
I also like juicy cock.
Yeah, yeah.
If you want to make an advocate on it, you're going to have to break 51% of the population's ex.
Yeah.
No.
Do you have to hate women to love games?
Yeah.
So shall it be written?
So shall it be done.
I'm making up these rules.
That's not a rule.
Don't worry, everybody.
All right.
So I made that mistake.
I made that faux pas.
I was like, when my girlfriend says it, I take it seriously.
She's a girl.
She wouldn't lie.
She was like, I actually, and I guess what I did as I ran it through my perception is like,
I didn't have any moment since I landed on this continent.
I haven't met a prick.
I haven't met a passive aggressive person.
I haven't met anything that meets my definition of a bad person.
And that especially includes, I haven't felt like I was in a pissing contest with any
men that I hadn't met.
And I just feel that way all the time.
We will tell you that we're awful.
That's how we're like, hello.
I'm sorry for existing.
I'm a slug.
I'm disgusting.
I smell bad.
I've wasted your time.
Please leave me alone.
And Americans, they do the opposite to they tell you how good they are.
And it took me a long time in America to work out that I'm not meant to do that.
Because if you go to an American and you say, oh, I'm a slug, they're like, great.
Well, I've wasted my time talking to this slug.
Or they'll say, we love slugs.
Do we love slugs?
Love slugs.
We have a hundred slug pile you could sit in and absorb the moisture in the room so
they don't feel better.
They'll play it up.
They're like, this is huge.
Will Ferrell did this and now look.
Anyway, just a warning.
Josh, I learned from my friend Lee that's from here of a thing called the tall poppy syndrome.
Yeah.
Do you know about this, Dan?
No.
Tall poppy gets cut, right?
Yeah.
Like.
Spenser cutting to the chase.
Yeah.
Like you are not supposed to be a taller poppy than the rest of the field.
Like if you are, you're going to get, people want to chop you down.
Like you don't want to stand out, right?
Do you not like, to me, that feels so natural.
Does that, do you not feel that?
Like.
I think what you said just before, like in the States, no, like you are rewarded for being
a tall poppy.
Lee, how did you word that?
You mean like the Quentin Crisp quote?
Oh, was it Quentin Crisp?
Well, we were talking about a couple things.
Yeah.
Hi, everyone.
We're quoting.
Tell us the Quentin Crisp quote.
It was the idea that this guy was left, left.
Here, I'm going to give you a mic.
Dreams coming true.
You're all here for this.
Hey, buddy, it was the idea that Quentin, you have to correct me when I get this incredibly
wrong.
Quentin Crisp was a socialite and an advocate and an openly gay man in a time when it was
not okay to be gay.
Gross.
Sad.
My opinion.
It's a hot tick.
Juicy cock though, so.
He had that one.
It is gross.
Yeah.
It says gay sex is gross.
It says one thing we could all agree on is that gay sex is disgusting.
Please continue.
Okay.
I'm so sorry.
This is so weird, everybody.
Are you gay?
I'm not.
Okay.
I could learn.
It's so tight.
I could teach you.
Wouldn't he be a great guy?
He looks like a, like, if Errol Flynn was a hustler.
He looks like a faggot.
That's what he looks like.
I found that, not only does he have the awesome Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
mustache, I found that today he's also really good at archery and he's, he can fence.
So he is, he's a pirate.
He's a, yeah, like, like, if Robin Hood pirate.
Let's don't use archery.
Lee.
Lee, just come up here.
Come on.
Lee London, everybody.
Welcome, Lee and my friend.
I know I'm a guest here, but I would like to know why do you know this boy?
I know, we used to date.
I know his father, his music producer from London, but he lives in Los Angeles.
And when Lee comes out to visit, we've hung out.
Okay.
It's not just you in a suit.
I'm in a suit.
Well, let me tell you a thing, a sexual quote at once.
You sir, I have a couple of questions about pocket squares.
I would like to ask you.
No, no, what was the quote?
I forget how that goes.
Okay.
He said, he was being asked about why he, why he left England and went to New York.
And he said, he said in, he said in England, people will hold you back in fear that when
you get to the top, you will have forgotten them.
But in America, people will raise you up knowing you'll be there to lend them a hand when you
get there.
Wow.
But here, the tall poppy thing is like, that's like, it's...
Fuck that guy.
Yeah.
He's shinier than me.
Isn't Milwaukee like that, Dan?
Didn't you see that?
Aren't the people, they don't want you to rise up in the same way?
Yeah, I think, well, I think there's a, yeah.
If you live in a town where most people make the most money lifting things with their physical
arms, and New York is one of those cities, even though there's so much...
There's going to be more antipathy or disconnect between the idea of, it's like the idea that,
okay, well, as I've always said, if you live in Milwaukee and you don't believe that living
in warm weather will kill you, why are you living in Milwaukee?
You can't, your brain has to make certain justifications, and I'm not saying those are
false, because it is fucked up to live in Los Angeles.
There's a million bad reasons to live there, but yeah, I don't know, there's a Harrison
Bergeron kind of like, yeah, like discouragement of exceptionality.
The poppy thing we're talking about, that's a culture where it's like very wisely, fuck
this person, who is this person that keeps obsessing about how good it can get, how close
to the sun they can get.
They seem like trouble, let's get them out of here.
That seems like a wise social policy, but one that would never profit me.
Do you not feel that way?
Do I not feel...
Well, yeah, look at that.
He just told you to hate him because he's a genius.
No, no, that's a voice I hear in my head all the time.
It's like you're pretentious, what are you doing?
Get your head out of your ass.
If you were going to have sex with a boy, right?
I'm listening.
It would go a little something.
Would you want him to have like a bigger dick than you or a smaller dick than you?
Oh my God.
We'll be right back.
This show does deserve to be in an opera house.
This isn't some fucking bullshit podcast.
This is amazing.
It's the first time I'm 43.
I've never answered that.
Do I want to have the thing in my butt or do I want to...
That's really up to you to decide.
Can I answer a question with a question, but I'll keep the ball in my court.
Balls.
I do want to know, like, is it...
It's politically incorrect to ask questions about who's pitching, who's catching.
Those are distinctions.
Is there different ways to be gay?
Yeah, there's different ways to be gay.
Is there...
Can you be a gay person that hates anal sex?
You can't be, right?
You can't love oral sex and hate anal sex and be a gay guy, right?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Because I need to know before I answer my question.
Because I need to know my options.
Can be anything you want to be.
You can, like, decide you don't want to do anal sex.
You can decide you don't want to have dicks in it.
I mean, the gay guy who doesn't want to do any anal sex is not going to be a very popular gay guy.
Like, good luck out there.
I don't have time for him.
I don't know about you, I don't have time for him.
But there's definitely gays who don't put dicks in them.
And there's gays who don't put their dicks in other boys.
Can you let people know, can you be gay, can you go like...
This is called Grindr.
And that's what's so good about technology is now you get to discuss it.
You can say, like, you're a top or a bottom, you know, right?
Are you a... what are you into?
Question mark.
Me?
That's what you say in the app.
Is this... it's actually a bit weird to me that you don't know this,
but of course you haven't been on Grindr.
It's weird to me too, just to be clear.
Smaller dick, smaller dick.
I forget the world isn't...
Smaller dick.
I figured it out, I've been thinking through it,
and I asked them dumb questions that were...
That made me think, like, what am I doing?
I don't mean because you're scared of, like, putting a big dick in you.
I mean, like, because it's, you know, obviously it's festive to have a bigger dick.
Like, that's like a fun...
That's like...
You can hang decorations off of it.
If we know... I wasn't asking you...
I wasn't asking about your pain thresholds.
I was saying, like...
Well, I was considering that, I was.
Dude, like, if, like, in the spirit of, like,
obviously presumably it's better to have a big dick,
because it's so fun.
Dan, you and your gay lover are in the shower,
you know, after some horseplay.
And, uh...
After the horseplay?
Yeah.
After the loving? After the loving?
Or the first thing in the morning, it doesn't matter, you're in the shower,
and you're soaping each other up.
Do you want to look over and go, oh, this guy's got a bigger dick than me?
Or do you want to go, look, I got big, my fucking dick is compared to this guy?
Yeah, are you like, oh, I've got such...
Do you want to be, oh, I've got such a big dick, isn't that great?
Or do you want to be, oh, look how big a dick I found?
Yeah?
We're going to win a fucking Emmy or a Tony for this.
This is amazing.
Uh, I think, well, before he brought up the shower,
I was just thinking like, okay, little dick, I'm overthinking it.
I was just like, little dick, because I have...
I want to cuddle with a smaller of, like, like, uh...
You want to be...
I want to be, uh...
As heterosexual as you can be.
That's what I...
Can he have a vagina?
Yeah, well, but isn't that...
You want to be Papa Bear, and by the way, you wouldn't be a bear.
But then when he brought up the shower, which is like...
We were soaping each other up, but then the idea of the fray...
Oh, look what a big dick my lover has.
I was like, oh, well, I mean, yeah, I haven't thought this through this enough.
I'm not overthinking it.
I should think really hard about this.
I should think...
I should think about this for years.
Because there's a version of me that would be like,
oh, I should...
I'm like a baby man, and when you're gay,
you don't have to be like, I'm a baby man.
You could be like, I'm a baby man.
Like, I could be like a baby man,
and a smaller, smarter dude could just let me have it,
and like, own me.
I definitely want to have it.
And he could have a huge dick.
And I'm like, I could soap it up and go like,
this is gigantic, and I'd not be jealous of it.
And that's a fun time.
Like, I own this dick.
Exactly.
I get it.
It's like a...
There's a...
We've been...
I've been making a mistake of thinking that the dial that...
where at the very top, the misogyny and gayness are like...
I thought there was like an oven dial.
Like, but you could go backwards.
You could just go click.
I'm a person that's a narcissist.
That reflects itself in misogyny if I'm straight.
It could actually...
The solution could be being gay.
Well, I definitely...
Like, you wouldn't have to disrespect somebody...
The solution is to be gay.
You're fucking it up.
Right.
Sorry, I guess I got excited too long-winded away.
I want them to have the smallest dick.
I want a micro penis.
I want to be the one with the big dick.
That's what I want.
I have a small dick.
You want to have a taller poppy.
I just want to be...
Yeah, I would just be a lot happier if I...
Right.
Just that's what I...
Is it a sense of like a self-esteem thing?
Yes, it's a self-esteem thing.
Right.
But you kind of...
Yeah.
You kind of high-roated me when I had the exact same answer as you.
No, but you were just thinking about the mechanics.
I wanted to know spiritually.
You mean if I go through an entire spiritual journey,
I'll come around to wanting the same things I do as a gross straight guy?
Like, as you're like, you know, do you...
I think we finished.
Yeah, that was right.
Yeah, I should learn to take a...
Read the room.
They ended the bit.
They're like, great, you did it.
That's who's on first.
I mean, obviously...
Obviously, I'd like to talk for another 45 minutes about...
Yeah.
What about testicles?
So, okay, so you're with a girl who really wants to have bigger tits.
Dan has talked about at length that he has enormous balls.
Me too.
You've got very large balls.
Well, I just...
I need to tell myself that for obvious reasons.
Sorry.
There's a photo of Dan that his girlfriend took
where he's laying on his back.
He's smiling.
He's aware that it's happening,
but she'd already gotten the camera out because he's wearing boxes
and just his balls are out.
And they're just this incredible, like...
Like, the color is like a...
Like a tropical sunset kind of pinkish orange.
I don't know what's going on there.
They're just fucking...
They're huge.
Is this podcast video or just audio?
It's odd.
It's a shame that they're not going to hear the look in your eyes
as you talk about his balls.
It's a shame they can't hear the glint you had.
Yeah.
For the subscribers, we could probably put up like imagery.
It would be nice, I think.
I got lost.
You got lost in my eyes when I was talking about Dan's balls.
Because this is going to be the best for some of our lives tonight.
All right.
I think it's hilarious that your friend is still up here.
I just want to point that out, but I don't want to believe.
I don't want to believe.
I think it's funny now.
I think it's funny that he's up here.
I'm now just listening to the podcast.
Yeah, no.
That's what happens.
That's what I do.
Yeah.
But I'm going to take a little...
Watch this genius turn into the dunes of the Australian dunes.
Spencer used to catch seagulls.
Yeah.
Spencer revealed to us that...
In confidence.
Yeah.
No, that's a joke.
It's true.
It is true.
I never said that to you.
It's fine.
I'm going to talk about it.
I just put it right in the thing.
It's fine.
Actually, Cody told me, you're going to put them...
Yeah, I'm going to put them...
I missed the top of you explaining this.
Spencer, we went to the aquarium today because I love fish and forgot I hate people.
But Spencer, at some point, was talking to the group and I was just lost.
By the time I came into the conversation, Spencer was explaining that during his wayward youth...
Where were you?
Seamy Valley?
Where is this taking place?
More part.
Well, we were at the beach.
You would go to the beach in your youth.
Yeah.
It's hard to imagine you at the beach.
Right.
Can you explain this thing that you would do if you don't mind?
All right.
You go to the beach.
You lay down in the sand.
You can go to the beach.
I didn't always have this beard.
Without a beard, it makes a lot more sense.
If you go to the beach with that beard, people think you just washed up on shore.
People think you're there to reclaim Greece.
I got shipwrecked.
You promised me a white bull.
Release the Kraken.
I forgot that's a hack reference.
I was just saying it mythically.
Release the Kraken.
I was going to own it.
All right.
I'm at the beach.
What you do is you bury...
You get someone to cover...
Well, you could do it yourself.
You cover your legs and stomach and most of your chest and sand such that you're buried beneath the sand.
Up to your neck.
Well, no.
I said the parts you cover.
The legs and the stomach.
Your upper chest, your head and your arms stay over the sand,
but you have a towel, a beach towel, covering the whole lot.
So for all intents and purposes, it looks like someone put someone's head underneath a beach towel.
It's like that scene in The Virgin where he's trying to convince everyone he's had sex with a woman.
And he's like, you know, when you're having sex with a woman, he's never been to the beach.
And then she's coming.
He hasn't been.
You really think the lie he'd pick to tell would be...
I used to catch seagulls as a teenager.
Wait.
This guy's got a band of teenagers out there.
Is your three quarters covered in sand?
Thank you.
Yes.
But you have a towel covering you that looks like...
It's the final quarter.
Someone just tucked you in like you're in bed with a towel over you.
Buried up to your waist.
Over my head.
Over your head.
And stomach.
Again, you're de-clarifying the situation.
Legs, feet, knees, dick, stomach.
Maybe right under my tits.
You know, that's where it starts.
Okay.
The rest of it...
But laying understand.
Under beach level.
The rest of it is underneath the towel.
Okay.
Arms exposed underneath the towel.
Arms are under the towel.
Jesus Christ.
So look, see this?
You see this part?
Yeah.
All of this that you see is under a towel.
Because beach towels are very large.
They could cover this whole area.
It's amazing.
So, Google towel.
With the beach towel over your face,
you get someone like a brother or a friend
to put food out on the towel.
And scattered around, you know,
because it's very suspicious.
Especially to seagulls.
Yeah.
Because they've been hurt before.
Right.
Because I do it all the time.
I did it all the time.
So, yeah, with the food in place,
you just wait and then, you know,
you hear them squawking and you hear them
flapping around.
Don't yell at me.
I have a question.
Okay.
Is your head above the towel?
I'm not going to answer that because...
He's covered.
He's trying to be in disguise from the seagulls.
So, he's covered.
So, nobody in the family is showing.
So, he's got a towel over his head.
I was just thinking maybe part of the fun
was that they don't regard a head as a threat.
The fun is catching a seagull.
It's not...
It's not gaslighting this.
The fun is watching a guy lost in his...
The fun is physically catching a seagull.
Yeah, that's the whole point.
Not mentally circumscribing it with semiotics.
All right.
I think we all have the visual now.
I don't think Dan has...
Well, I don't.
The truth is I don't.
And there may be a problem with society where
at a certain point people like...
Whoo!
All right.
Like this.
Where's the sand?
The sand goes up to here.
Not my chest.
Do you see this is the chest?
Okay, but is the...
I have questions.
I know you think I'm doing a bit,
but I swear I have questions.
Can you imagine a towel fitting...
Now...
Okay.
Okay, so, and the rest of it is a mound?
What sound?
The rest of it is a mound?
Yeah.
Is that below sand level?
Well, half and half.
You make a little shallow grave
and then you slip into it when you do this.
Right.
If you were a seagull, you didn't know
there was a boy pretending to be at the beach.
Yeah, the whole point.
That's all I'm doing.
Tricking them into thinking I'm not there.
All right.
I should get up.
You get it, right?
Well, as long as you're down there,
take us through the process.
All right, so I'm laying here
and the seagulls...
And your brother or friend, as you said.
Or friend, yes.
Has put chips around your head.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Like, yeah, it's on my head.
Real quick, Josh,
I think I'd want the guy to have a bigger dick.
All right, go ahead.
To soap it, did you think about the shower
when you thought about it?
Because I want to wash it.
I figured it out.
It's all about the soap.
Yeah.
It becomes like a Cadillac or a bicycle
or anything you treasure.
A throwing knife, a new blender.
It's like...
I had this epiphany where I was like,
wait, all right, all right.
Come on, Spencer.
Hey, guys.
All right, we don't take them for granted.
That was so awesome.
I'm not even going to bother to describe that to the listeners.
Yeah, $5 a month.
Yeah, $5 a month to see the coolest exit of all time.
Probably a lot of theatrical people in the audience,
Spencer returned to his one.
All right, so Spencer, now you are partially sandy,
you're partially tiled, you got bits of food,
you got French fries and whatnot on top of you.
And now we're hearing the seagulls coming in.
Because my eyes are covered.
I don't see what's happening.
I have to rely on my ears and my sense of touch.
But now your sense of hearing is heightened now
because you can't see.
Oh, of course.
I mean, without question.
That goes without saying.
So I'm doing that.
It's a feeding frenzy.
They're suspicious.
However, will any sensory gift,
even the score between you and the most dangerous game of all,
a confused, slightly domesticated, urban plight parasite?
All right, they're real parasite.
They're everywhere in California.
It's terrible.
Anyway, so they're coming in.
You feel them getting up on your chest and or body.
And they got to get like right on your head area
just because that's the center of your bear trap action.
So your arms are out, crucifix styles.
You can close them like a bear trap.
Yes, I got you.
Yes.
So once, you know, and you got to wait
because they know it's something's up.
Because again, there's like a giant lump under a towel.
They're stupid, but it looks weird and they know that.
So, okay.
So you're being patient.
They're like, is this, is this how I die?
Or is this the first day of the rest of my life?
Right.
Those potato chips on a decorative mound.
Yeah.
Because usually a semi-circular pattern.
Around a beardy, beardy bulge.
I didn't have a beard.
And a bunch of other humans kind of in the middle distance,
like giggling.
Yeah.
Yeah, because it's a big, like it draws a crowd, certainly.
Especially after the first couple of times.
People overselling a transparently perfunctural game of hacky sack
as they clearly are more invested in the towel.
So, so they're getting up on my face and I'm waiting for my moment.
And then I, you know, I do what I did.
I go.
And then, you know, you use the towel as a crude net
and then you just try and grab as many as you can.
Is that the end or is that phase one?
Yeah.
That's phase one.
And once you have 200, you can fly away.
No, it's just for fun.
I mean, do you, do you keep them as pets?
Do you let them go?
You like that?
No, I snap their necks and toss them into the sea.
I believe that.
No.
So it's just for fun.
I don't know.
I couldn't tell you what my end game was
other than catching seagulls.
Does it, does it, does it, doesn't hurt them, does it?
I hope not.
I mean, I never saw them maimed or anything.
Like they all flew away.
You have to mention, you said two things that stick out about the story
is that you, you'd find that as you did this,
people would root for you while you were doing it.
Right.
But then once you were successful.
Once I had a seagull in my grasp,
it became this whole big animal rights issue.
And then you said you stopped after the experience you had.
So, so one of the times,
I've probably caught about five seagulls this way.
It takes a lot of tries.
They were calling you old, old,
old wispy arms.
Goal, goal reaver.
They called you goal reaver.
Goal reaver.
All right.
I like that.
Did you invent, like, is this something you,
did you invent this or did the guy that invented it?
Did he?
I think he got the idea from a Metallica album.
I'm certain I didn't invent it.
There's no way.
Was this, if it was like a bigger brother,
this seems like the kind of thing where it's like,
I'm going to tell my little brother,
I'm going to fucking bury him in a beach
and get a crowd around.
Was there like a hat?
Was he collecting money?
No.
To like, you know what I mean?
Were you busking by accident?
I wish.
No, I could have made a lot.
Because I mean, the crowds cannot be understated.
It was hard to hear.
There's no, there is no overstating the throngs of people.
Yeah.
It was hard to hear the seagulls.
Among their hoots and hollers.
Stop being worried about the seagulls.
People on the beach just cry.
They're like, like, like, like Thunderdome.
People are like, like, climbing up on things and like.
I thought you were going to say early,
I thought you were saying, there is no business,
like seagull catching business.
Anyways, all right.
So, all right.
But this leads somewhere.
This is the Michael Crichton twist.
Again, I've only probably caught five.
It's not easy to do.
Season the gold catcher, though.
Yeah.
So one time I got one and, yeah, I caught it
and he was flapping around, you know,
and I, like, got him by his body so he couldn't flap away.
And he's starting to, like, attack at me.
He's biting at me and he tries to peck.
He tries to peck my eye out.
He goes, what, bam, with his beak right at my eye.
And at the last second, the last fifth is a second I'll say,
very short period of time, like it was very close.
It opens its beak and I can see down its throat.
And I got scars, little tiny scars up here
and then down here above and below my eye
to prove that this was a dangerous beak
that could peck an eye out, but didn't.
And I swear to God, it was just because of, like,
Jesus or something that I didn't have my eye pecked out that day.
Or the devil, because if I had an eye patch and a beard,
holy shit, look out.
If you had an eye patch, if you had an eye patch,
you and Lee could really make, this would be a great pirate movie.
Archery, doing so much archery.
Do you prefer the seagulls have a bigger or smaller beak than you?
Definitely real big.
I like that in Spencer's universe,
it's possible the devil was responsible
because it left him without an eye patch.
Right.
And the devil in your universe is just...
He wants me to look less ridiculous.
He's just bad at marketing, right?
The devil is like, he's chaos.
He doesn't package things right.
But so he's biting and pecking around.
I mean, the story kind of trails off here.
So I stuff my finger in his mouth so he can't bite or peck.
And at that point, kids were coming up and wanted to pet him
and people were getting mad and say, you shouldn't do that.
And then eventually, I just let it go
because it's like, you know, seagull doesn't want to be there.
I don't know what to do with it.
Oh, you know, my parents told me that their family members did it.
That's how I got the idea,
because one of them would tie a string around their foot
and kind of fly it around for a while.
That's what... But I never did that.
What kind of weird handbilly...
Yeah, that's what I said.
But I never did that.
Yeah, no, I'm normal.
I'm not some weirdo.
But yeah, and so people were petting it and then I let it go.
It was great.
But after that, it was just...
I mean, it was very scary.
I was almost pecked out.
Like, it should have been pecked out by all accounts
because it was trying to bite and peck at me.
You're gonna have a hard time tying this into, like, a sub-story for you.
My aunt was almost...
Yeah.
No, I mean, I don't want pity.
I would love respect.
Um, he doesn't want...
He doesn't want our seagulls to pity him.
He wants them to fear him, right?
Hey, Jeff, what if there was a beer commercial
that Sam Elliott was doing a voiceover for?
A beer commercial?
And it involved...
Well, I didn't want to pimp you and say,
can Sam Elliott sell seagull catching,
but I like your Sam Elliott impression.
Let's see, what would...
But it could be like a beer that's...
that they're using seagull catching the way that a beer...
Hello, I'm Sam Elliott for the 2017 seagull catching competition.
This year, it's an Australian Bondi beach,
but they don't have seagulls here, right?
Yeah.
But fuck seagulls.
We're going to kill a bunch of those greasy-ass ibises.
Fuck ibises.
Those things are gross.
I mean, I saw one in the park,
what's the Hyde Park, right?
And there's a crazy-ass, like, awesome, exotic bird,
and then they just, like, they were just...
They're just, like, raccoons, they're just in the trash,
and they're all covered in shit, and they're just...
They sound like somebody punched a baby.
Can you tell me who Sam Elliott is?
Do you ever see...
Okay.
Do you ever see Big Lebowski?
Oh, friends here.
Did you see Big Lebowski, Josh?
Yeah.
No.
Did you see Mask with Cher?
Well, I think probably if you keep listing things that he's in,
then I'm going to keep saying no.
Well, obviously, it's still now.
No, he's a character actor who has a big mustache.
Okay, yeah.
Is it good impression, I guess?
Nah.
I've done better.
I was struggling with the material.
That was a curveball.
I didn't set him up to succeed.
I trust him, though.
I mean, it was...
Sam Elliott.
Josh, there's one line from a movie called Frogs.
It's a terrible movie with him and Ray Maland.
Yeah.
And on the poster of the movie Frogs,
there's a frog the size of a Volkswagen Beetle
with a human arm hanging out of its mouth.
Okay.
And that doesn't happen in the movie.
There's never giant frogs.
In fact, most of the frogs aren't even in the movie
because when they shot this movie,
they had a bunch of frogs brought in on the set.
They let him out.
And guess what?
The frog's just fucked off into the night.
And so while they're shooting the movie,
guess what?
They're two things.
They don't have frogs.
Yeah.
But you could hear a million frogs.
So they had audio issues and third act problems.
Well, as long as you have Sam Elliott,
you can get through that.
But Sam Elliott doesn't have a mustache in this one.
And you kind of see why he always has the mustache.
He's got kind of a weird lip that hangs down real far like that.
You never saw Tombstone with Kurt Russell?
So I don't know if I can repeat this again.
Anything you mentioned with Sam Elliott in it,
I haven't seen.
OK, I'm going to do what I say is a fairly OK impression
of Sam Elliott doing one line from the movie Frogs,
Sam Elliott and Rainbow Land.
I don't think we're going to see any of them again.
Not live, anyway.
And, awesomely, if you can find it,
because Rob Schrab has the VHS of it,
the trailer is the worst syntax like set in structure.
It goes, Frogs is coming.
And there's a big-ass frog in the poster.
You never see.
Well, it's hard because if it's Frogs,
if it's the animal, ah, coming.
But if it's Frogs, the name of the movie, then it is coming.
Yeah, Frogs is coming to a theater to you,
but it doesn't work.
Yeah, it doesn't.
Birds is coming.
They thought it was going to be the birds of amphibians.
Spencer, what would your tactic be to catch a wild frog?
Oh, no.
You just...
You go out in the rain.
They always come out in the rain.
But they're easy to catch.
So...
I dated a girl very briefly who was Italian
and her family was supposedly in the mob
and she had, for real, an Uncle Vinny, Uncle Vince.
And he was a real lunatic.
And he was a property manager in an apartment building.
He slept with a.357 under his pillow, loaded.
And when he would see pigeons in his backyard
at the apartment complex,
he would catch them in a pillowcase,
tie the pillowcase in a knot, and throw it in the pool.
Oh.
All right.
Well, let's just...
He's jealous.
Why didn't I think of that?
All right.
So, getting back to Australian politics...
Josh, before I...
I only have so much more time where I care about this stuff.
I have Australian questions that I couldn't Google.
Is there a president?
There is, right?
And there's none.
Okay.
But there's a prime minister...
That's a prime minister.
But then there's something else.
The states have premiers.
Oh, but the Queen is just the Queen of England, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
But...
I think he was asking me.
Okay?
I've got a cupboard.
The prime minister who is, like, the head of the country.
And then there's the governor general,
but he doesn't do all she, I guess.
He doesn't do nothing.
So that guy wants me to do nothing.
So, prime ministers...
Well, those other people are, like, they're federal.
They're Australia-wide.
What?
Their office is...
The government?
Yeah, it's Australia-wide.
I mean, that's not...
These offices aren't state-level.
They're...
They're the same.
You guys have, like, your electoral states,
and then there's people.
It's the same.
Don't worry about it.
All right, don't worry about it.
We have, like...
We have Donald Trump, but she's a woman.
Pauline Hansen?
And she's not as popular.
But she's so pretty popular.
Yeah, but I can get through every show
by shitting on her for half an hour.
Yeah, fuck Pauline Hansen.
Yeah, I learned...
I learned to grip that hang glider
first night in Brisbane, man.
I was like...
Well, they love her in Brisbane.
Well, that's not saying anything bad about Pauline Hansen
in Brisbane.
Not my fans, no.
Well, they're laughing very nervously.
They're all taking you home.
They were stuck.
Oh, shit.
I'm from Brisbane, and I'm not going to argue with you.
Yeah, I don't like her, but Brisbane likes her.
We're not going to pretend like Brisbane's not racist.
I'm not going to sit here like,
you're a person, I'm a person.
We're looking at each other's eyes,
all I can see is black,
but you can see my eyes.
We're going to lie to each other.
Brisbane is racist.
Look at that.
It definitely is.
Yeah.
We're not...
Hello.
I mean, the world...
I lived there.
I left, because they're so racist.
You left, you're here.
They don't...
Oh, shit.
Oh, fuck.
See?
See, they hate others.
They can't be tolerance.
We were in Brisbane,
and there wasn't a single problem.
When we landed on Ipswich,
everyone was like, they were stoked about shooting on Ipswich.
I'd love to do a show on Ipswich before we leave here
just to verify that this is all a cycle of bullshit.
Because, like, we filled a theater there.
It was fucking weird and rowdy.
Did you actually do a gig in Ipswich?
Yeah.
And they were smart and great.
No, no, Brisbane, we did.
Brisbane.
No, no, no.
I'm sorry.
I was too busy answering the question
before you finished asking it.
I'm like, yeah.
Yeah.
No, we didn't do a show on Ipswich.
Fuck those fucking stump-humping rednecks.
I'll do anything to regain control.
What is wrong with you?
I know.
When they talk, you just say yes, ma'am, and continue
arguing with them.
Is this what you do in your gay TV show?
I can't believe it's legal.
Wait, is gay marriage legal here?
Oh, yeah.
What is this?
Yeah, I didn't think so.
No, it's not at all.
You can get arrested just for getting married?
They're getting married.
You just can't get married.
It's just off the table.
You're not in prison.
There's not these prisons filled with gay men who
try to get married who would then actually...
Well, this is the best life I've ever had
stuck in prison.
It's not Singapore.
I never asked that question before.
All this conversation about gay marriage in America
was never like, well, they're not going to arrest people
if they get married, right?
But no, yeah, you're just taking a license from them.
No, they just can't.
They just won't.
You just feel like, I'm going to get married.
They'd be like, no.
No, go and get married.
You can't have like...
That's a shame because that's how weddings became romantic.
Before, they were arranged, and then it became romantic,
the idea that you'd slip off into the woods with a priest
who would say, you two, in this forest clearing
among your friends, like you're...
This is official.
It's, you know, that's...
Marriage became like a sacred thing that was about two people
like being into each other.
And it's funny.
It's funny.
What?
What happened?
It's funny.
What happens with the priest?
You know, like Robin Hood times, like, come on.
Okay.
He thinks you meant you go and fuck the priest in the woods.
Is that...
Oh, no, no.
That's what I had.
Yeah.
In my head, you won't think it by a priest.
You won't want to think that.
Yeah.
It's like, the idea that the ceremony is romantic,
that it's an expression of true love,
that it has something other...
It has something to do with anything other than, like...
The government.
Government.
It's like, it's kind of ironic, isn't it?
Because it truly is a government...
Now you want the contract for something.
I don't know.
I don't...
Well, because it's about health benefits now.
It's about being treated...
It's not my fault.
I just got swept up in the gay marriage thing.
There's nothing I can do about it here.
I am in the center of it.
They won't let me get married.
I have to feel passionate about it.
I don't really care.
I don't want to get married.
I've got a boyfriend that's terrified of commitments.
So I'm like, I vote for that.
Luck for that party.
It'll keep me...
But personally, that's not something you'd ever do.
It's not really...
Why do I want to get married?
You're going to get married?
Your girlfriend's here.
I got married.
And then I...
You got divorced.
I don't think...
And now I'm in love.
Like, I...
It's...
I...
It...
I think you reacted wrong.
I'm not going to...
I understand I can connect those dots, but you're making candor difficult.
And that makes you the bad people.
I'm going to stick with that.
It doesn't seem very romantic to me to sign a contract that says I'm going to love you forever.
That just seems a bit fucked.
So can you agree of my observation of the irony drunk as I am?
But it's like, that's the thing.
Like, it's not romantic.
The exact issues that make it a political issue.
I'm going to love you forever.
Decide that morning.
Don't decide 10 years ago.
No?
I hate the idea of waking up next to someone and they've signed some...
Yeah.
If it becomes a legal document, then it's just a legal document.
Until I have to go to the rallies and...
I think we're on the same page, I think.
Because we're equal and we're equal to you and that's important.
Leah, are you going to get married?
Are you a married type?
He's talking me out of it.
What?
I'm not going to marry you.
She's freaking out.
Is that your girlfriend?
It is.
Very careful that you have to...
Oh, shit.
Maybe you should propose right now.
What a beautiful opportunity.
Pull the trigger, Lee.
Pull the goddamn trigger.
The tech team is not playing songbird.
You can get down on your knee and make her so happy.
Why don't you want to make her happy?
Ally and Lee...
Make her happy.
Have you guys ever discussed it?
You guys talk about it or is it something that you guys never talk about?
I feel like I'm being bullied.
That's all I can say.
You know, being bullied, the woman that you love is sitting in front of a thousand people
saying, why won't you keep me forever?
And you're saying, because you're a witch.
That's what I saw.
Is that what you saw?
Oh, well, I'm looking at my coach.
What a beautiful opportunity to make a lovely moment.
Who's with me?
I'm so sorry.
So there's no press.
I didn't even know if I meant to acknowledge you.
Did you know that what I learned today is that penguins propose,
they propose to each other.
The male brings the smoothest rock he can find up to the female penguin.
We didn't learn this together.
No, I'm telling you...
Oh, I think I got away with that.
We went to the aquarium.
What do you mean they propose to each other?
That's what it said on the sign outside the penguin cage
at what Jeff calls the fish prison.
How do they propose?
The quays are fucking fish jails.
I'm not going to fucking fish jail.
It says, they get to swim in the fucking biggest part of our planet
and we go, ah, fuck it, get in the box.
So we can look at you like perverse fucking cynical douchebag.
Yeah, a lot of those tanks are pretty small.
There are some that are pretty big sized,
but a lot of them were small.
Yeah, and we know how much you hate it when people hood animals.
Again, I never hurt them.
Well, other than like, you know...
You certainly provoke them into attacking your eyeballs.
If you're going to put them in such a small box,
why not rustle them up a bit so we can get some excitement?
Yes, right.
Spencer Zoo would just be people half buried with towels.
We didn't have this...
I thought we'd have the laptop again tonight
that I could show a video that I took at the aquarium
because it was the strangest thing...
One of the big tanks, the big giant wall tanks,
a bunch of fish floating in it, and there's like staircases.
And then there was this upper middle-aged guy.
I'm going to put him at, like, let's say 60 to 65.
He's a tourist from some Asian country.
I'm being racist by saying that. He was Asian.
He had a baseball cap on, a windbreaker.
Like, kind of seemed middle-class, 65-year-old guy.
And his equally aged wife, like, approached the thing.
And then they exchanged words that were in their native language.
It was too dark. I don't...
I'm not going to speculate what of the thousand Asian countries
they were from. I just keep calling them Asian.
I also don't see the world through that lens,
so I don't know what...
But to me, it is important...
There was a certain kind of, like, thing happening here.
So it is important.
Their cheekbones were just so narrative.
You say there was 65, but how do you know?
They exchanged words, and they had, like, shopping bags.
They're very touristy, and we're in front of this, like...
What? What is the problem there?
What is that? Is that... Did I...
We just toast... Is it because we toasted our drinks?
Oh, God. I thought I was stumbling into the realization
that there was an Asian stereotype about shopping bags.
And I got mad at them, even though I projected that.
I was like, fuck you people!
And then I was like, no, you thought...
That's the first thought you had, racist.
Okay. They were reacting to something other than me,
and my race, which will one day rule the Earth!
One day.
Yeah, one day.
But the...
They were...
She exchanged words with him,
and then, like, he went up to the giant fish tank,
and she hung behind with her camera,
and he raised his hands like this, like, facing her.
Like, he's, like, gesturing, like, the fisher behind him.
And then she's... The whole time they're speaking a language,
I don't speak when she's, like, going up to him,
and she says more stuff to him.
And then he turns around, and he holds his arms up,
and he says the other thing, and she kept...
And it went on for a full five minutes,
and, like, my girlfriend and I started watching it,
and we didn't exchange a word, we didn't even really look at each other,
because it was like, we were just watching them,
and then we started to get in the moment
of them being so out of the moment that they were in the moment,
because she had so many opinions
about how you're supposed to hold your arms
when you pose in front of a wall of fish,
and there was no toxicity between them that we could tell.
I mean, we don't know.
There could be the least healthy relationship in all of Earth,
or it could be the most healthy.
There was no way of telling. We were just watching two people,
and they were, like, connected by some weird,
perpetually dissatisfied telepathy,
because they were like...
He never thought it was weird that she just kept making them,
she kept adjusting them, and I took a video of it,
because they play, like, John Williams' music
when you're going through the aquarium,
because they want to let you know fish are majestic,
because otherwise, they're in a tank, it's depressing,
so they play a lot of music that's, like, sweeping strings,
and, like, Shawshank Redemption, but after he gets out...
And it's like sweeping music playing over these speakers,
and we spent five minutes watching this couple
that had merged into some, like, weird two-fish school together,
like, doing this weird thing that was, like...
And then we were, like, holding each other,
because it was so weirdly adorable and frightening, like...
And then I took out my video camera,
and I still got, like, this perfect, like...
There was this orchestral score going, and she...
And then you finally realize she hasn't taken a single picture.
She's been, like, adjusting his arms,
and he's never asked any questions,
and he's just waiting patiently, like, he's not stoked,
but he's not ever getting mad.
He's just, like, she wants this picture,
and she's just, like, kept adjusting him,
and then she took one fucking picture.
There was, like, seven minutes went by,
and I think she only ever took one picture.
And then they gathered their stuff and walked away,
and I kind of wept a little bit and held my girlfriend.
I don't know what the point of my story was.
It was... I wanted to show the video, so you got...
My boyfriend takes pictures of me.
He adjusts you?
Tell me to adjust my face,
and then after a while, it's like,
oh, you just don't like my face?
Yeah, why don't you show me a picture of the guy
you wish you were with, and I'll take it to the stylist?
But, brother, I know.
How long have you been together with the boyfriend?
Five years.
Five fucking years.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Why are you so surprised?
They said it wouldn't last.
Because they're both Josh's.
His name is Josh.
What?
It used to be Josh.
I got him to change it.
I thought they went,
aw, because it was like a brief realization of, like,
oh, as if we didn't already have a long list
of how cute it would be to be gay.
You could both be Josh's.
You can't do that in a lesbian couple.
No, lesbian couple, you can.
You can't both be Josh's.
No, we can't both be Josh's.
That's not as good to you.
Both be Matilda's or both be...
It was a simple observation.
Only in a gay male couple can you have two Josh's.
We don't notice the simple things.
Does the other Josh have a micro penis?
He has a great...
Did you hear him behind the curtain?
Get him out here.
Other Josh, I think we need to exploit you.
Can you come stand down?
He has a nice penis.
He has a good...
It's all right.
Other Josh, show the crowd your penis
and let's just move on.
He has a nice penis.
Show the crowd your penis and let's just move on.
Can we just move on from this?
No, don't.
Sorry, don't.
OK.
All of a sudden, I look controlling.
All of a sudden, I look like I'm controlling.
That's my penis.
That's to me and you and any other cute boy we find.
Any other...
OK, next in my Ask an Australian segment.
Yeah.
Australian woman.
Stay away from me.
OK.
We did a show last night.
No women came on stage.
We have to have at least a woman on stage.
I want...
Josh, you're coming in close second to that.
No, I'm not a woman.
No.
No, it's not the same.
Speaking of Quentin Crisp,
you could play a young Quentin Crisp
if there were ever a play of Quentin Crisp.
I don't know what Quentin Crisp is either,
but I don't know much.
He's a fantastic writer.
He's got loads of great quotes.
Well, you guys brought up that there's no women.
Can we trade your friend, Jeff?
I brought a celebrity.
Someone more important.
Let's hear it for Lelani, everybody.
APPLAUSE
Lelani.
This guy's got four seasons
of Australian television.
I'm not a big mustache guy,
but that guy's mustache is good.
I did like...
I wanted to expound more on the idea
of the Robin Hood but done
as a 70s movie.
He does like Errol Flynn, but like...
But he's dressed like Al Pacino
in Scarface.
Like a cocaine-driven Robin Hood thing.
Like, you know how men of respect
was like Macbeth, but gangsters
doing like a Robin Hood thing
in the 70s. That'd be cool.
Why don't you write that movie?
Do you love him?
You just seem a bit...
We're friends.
OK.
I mean, I love him in a friendly way.
I just feel like you spent a lot of time
complimenting him.
I'm very...
He's got a girlfriend.
And they're almost engaged.
LAUGHTER
Yeah.
APPLAUSE
When they get married, I'm going to be their priest
but I'm going to do the old-fashioned way
where they have to fuck me in the forest.
LAUGHTER
You guys didn't get that at all.
Nobody gets me.
I thought I could come down here.
I feel them really understand
what happened to you in the progress.
LAUGHTER
Because I know we're joking
about the priests and that.
I know that, but I don't know
what really happened.
No, it wasn't a story from my life.
I'm not one of these
new millennial showrunners that...
Like, I'm not...
I was talking about history.
I own the planet.
My beard was stretching across time.
I wasn't just, like, this thing happened
when I was six.
I was, like, I was fucking explaining shit
to the planet about itself.
But that time has passed.
I wanted to ask you about Australia.
Do you guys have fortune cookies?
Yes.
Are they fortunes or are they advice?
LAUGHTER
You know fortune cookies aren't Chinese, right?
You know that you invented them.
Yeah, they were made in, like, California, right?
Okay. Yeah.
That's fine.
Do you know my favorite fortune cookie story?
But I don't know. Is this what we're doing?
No, I don't know your fortune cookie story.
What?
I've never heard a...
A little more angry question.
Are you checking Wikipedia?
This is the most presumptuous question I've ever heard,
and I'm Dan Harmon.
I've never heard your fortune cookie story.
I met you a half hour ago.
I'd love to hear it.
And how dare you?
Apparently, you don't read The Daily Sun.
LAUGHTER
I'd love to hear your fortune cookie story.
It's not a great story, but it's...
Oh, well, I'll take ten.
It's my favorite fortune cookie story.
So if we had to pick a subject to the subject,
it was fortune cookie.
Then this is the story I would tell you.
But we are...
restricted by the subject matter.
I just don't even remember that going forward.
Well, I can...
In America,
there was like a lotto, right?
And, like, 15 people run Second Division,
and they were like, what went on?
They're looking at this big investigation.
And what happened was some fortune cookie company
just always printed the same lucky numbers.
Oh.
And then everyone wrote them on their lotto form,
and, like, 12 people won the lotto.
Oh, my God.
But it's just because one company was printing them.
Is that good?
Wait, and the...
It's pretty interesting.
Was there a court case about it?
Because they were like...
The lotto went off.
There's, like,
second place is $2 million.
All these people won,
and they were like, well, all these people have cheated.
So there's this big, like, investigation.
And it turns out every person had just written
their number off the fortune cookie company
because, like, the Chicago Fortune Cookie Company
just printed the same numbers
because they're so lazy, you know?
I thought you were saying all those people sued
the lottery or the fortune cookie company.
No, they all won.
Yeah, well, they all won,
but they had to split the pie 12 ways.
I don't know that price.
Oh, really? That's a great story.
I don't know.
I mean, it's a great story anyway.
It's a fine story.
It's a funner ending
if they all get a million dollars.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't ask to be here.
Fate and fortune...
Fate and fortune rewarded people
who have so little imagination
they picked their numbers off of a fucking fortune cookie.
Okay, guys, can you figure out with me,
can we be less combative and masculine
and figure out how to bring a woman up here?
Yeah.
So that we can stoff our cap
to the fairer sex
and thereby achieve equality?
How do you pick a woman?
That's what I'm asking you.
That's sort of what you do.
I don't recommend we do it by...
Why don't we let Josh roam the crowd
and use your...
I pick my favorite woman?
Yeah, yeah.
Use your, like, defining rod
to go out there and, like, find...
Do we have lights that come up?
Oh, my God.
Do I have to pick my favorite woman?
You seem a bit desperate.
You look forward.
What do you think? Should I take the girl
that wants to come up?
I sort of want the girl that's been so rejected.
We had a guy that wanted to come up yesterday
and that, you know, argument could be made
that doesn't pan out.
It's kind of like...
I don't know. It's like styrofoam peanuts.
It's like, yeah, you want to be on stage, now you're on stage.
Oh, I want to talk about wanting to be on stage.
That's what we did for the last hour.
That sounds all right.
That's fine.
There might be somebody whose hair is smoldering
and you're like, do you want to come up on stage?
They're like, I'm not sure.
And if their hair is smoldering, you go, what happened?
What criteria do you usually use
to pick women?
I...
The size of their dicks.
I've never been good at it.
I...
Whoever...
I just go with whoever can be lured
by potato chip crumbs arranged in a blanket.
I...
Low-hanging fruits.
What I usually do is I'll say something gimmicky,
like, oh, who's been in a lot of pain tonight
and someone's handle shoot up and stuff.
But when we go out of Los Angeles,
what happens is people are here and they're excited.
I'll go, who's in pain and someone's handle shoot up
and go, okay, you.
I'll come up and they'll go, I'm in pain
because I stubbed my toe, but I really wanted to be on stage.
And so it's like, why not just say,
who wants to be on stage, but then the answer is,
hi, my name's John, I want to be on stage.
Can you help?
I spent this time deciding who I want,
but I don't want her to feel uncomfortable
if she doesn't want to come up.
Is the reason you're bringing her up?
I want the usher, ladies, sitting up there.
That's who I want.
Of course.
Would you please come up?
I don't want her to.
That's a wonderful quote.
I want to know, like, the first thing I want...
Welcome.
I'm sorry, that's just what I wanted.
Pam?
Prepare a place for her.
Pam, the first thing I want to know from you
is, like, because you're obliged to be here.
Do you...
Do you like it?
Do I like working here?
Just this show, in general, or are you, like, stuck?
I had no idea what this show was about,
but it's perfect.
Have a seat if you could, Pam.
Thank you so much for coming up here.
We promise in advance that you will not...
Do you want a drink?
Not allowed.
You're actually working, so you can't have a drink.
No.
You don't want a drink, Pam? Sorry, I didn't mean it.
No, she's working.
I mean, do you...
Would you want... If you weren't working, would you want one?
Are you epistemious?
Oh, no, I would want one.
Pam, I don't want a fucking drink.
Are you kidding?
You put a drink in front of Pam on a Sunday night.
It will be gone.
I don't want to be presumptuous,
and I don't know what the rules,
you know, holding your vocation
accountable are, but if I order you
to have a drink on stage, doesn't that...
Don't do that.
If your prime directive is to protect
the show, for instance,
then you have to have a drink.
Well, I need to be protected
from the theater manager as well,
but he's not in here, and he probably can't...
Here.
Did she say,
I won't tell him?
Pam, Pam...
We're gonna get a woman fired tonight.
Pam, you're aware, Pam,
like, you know, like, captains
can marry people at sea.
Like, Dan, as the mayor of Harmontown,
actually has, this is like a sovereign little nation
up here, and there's no jurisdiction
that your boss can really affect.
Dan, she doesn't want a glass of vodka.
No.
Is that what that is? Did you want a glass of vodka?
Is it a wine or a beer?
Pam's not a fucking pig.
This is a beautiful woman.
This is a beautiful woman of God.
Who's on duty.
Offer her something nice.
A glass of vodka.
She's not Charles Bukowski.
She was a cocktail.
I think that's sexist.
Pam, where are you from?
Originally, I'm from Adelaide,
but I've been in Sydney for longer
than I've been in Adelaide.
You like it?
I love Sydney, yeah.
Better than Adelaide.
What brought you here to begin with?
My husband got into acting school,
so I followed him over here.
Oh, she's got a husband. Disappointing.
Disappointing.
Sorry, guys.
What's your job title here, Pam?
Here, I'm a front-of-house worker.
An usher.
But we call the department front-of-house.
How long have you been working here?
18 years.
Did you work when I did my show here?
I haven't seen you do your show here.
We don't get to see everything.
Last time I was in this theater,
my dog was here and he did a shit on the stage.
Oh, no.
In fact, I didn't even hear talk about it afterwards.
He's very rock and roll, that guy.
He's the GGL of dogs.
Forgive my ignorance,
but is it a government job
or is it private?
Do you get your paycheck
or you might be volunteer for all?
It's not volunteer.
I know that was a long charge.
Pam charges top dollar.
I know in America, ushers don't get paid.
I wouldn't be surprised if...
I mean, in the theater,
it's probably like an intern...
Most of us like ushering
because we're involved somehow
rather than in theater.
We just love theater and we love the versatility
of the opera house.
This show.
Yeah, how does that work?
I could have saw
the Australian Ballet tonight,
but I got a podcast.
They just draw straws
in the lobby at the beginning of the night.
OK, Pam,
you're with Herman Toonan?
Actually,
don't laugh because the other usher
and I were saying exactly that.
It's premium lying,
so if you get fired for that...
We had no idea what this was about tonight
and we just said,
OK, we'll keep an open mind about it
and here we are and we're both laughing.
That's very nice.
CHEERING
That's all he ever asked
an open mind.
It's so great to be here, Pam,
for your last night working at the opera house.
Right.
It's a special occasion.
Oh, shit, I have to host the show.
What did you think about him
and the seatbelt?
I thought it was
pretty good performing, actually.
Thank you, thank you so much.
I thought so too, but I thought it would be weird to say that.
Pam, is there anything
special about Australian butter?
Where did you get that question from?
My girlfriend's mom,
who...
I'm happy if you prove she's nuts tonight.
She bakes a lot.
Cody said she was in Australia
and her mom texted back,
you've got to try the butter.
Yes.
Americans have bad dairy.
OK.
You don't know it because you grew up with it.
Your milk sucks, your butter sucks,
your cream is not cream.
It's...
I don't know what it is.
Cream doesn't come in
uncooled plastic tubs.
Cream comes from the fridge
and it's delicious.
You don't drink cream as a beverage, do you?
No, you don't drink cream as a beverage.
Well, I do.
No one in the world does.
Your country thinks that's cream and it's not right.
Wait, are you saying...
That's creamer, that's different.
I don't want to start a fight, but you've got fucked dairy.
It wouldn't start a fight.
Would you also...
What did you think about the dairy?
I can't remember, it was a long time ago,
but I think it's silly that they call cream in coffee cream.
It's not cream?
Do you know what's delicious?
Do you guys want to have your own fucking show?
Cream is delicious.
Well, I asked them.
I think Australian butter is great.
It's better.
So my girlfriend's mom was right
to say try the butter.
One point would not be so much that Australian butter is good
as that your butter is fucked.
Right.
So I think coming from your country
to any other country, literally any in the world,
and eating any dairy
that products are made out.
What's really sad is that I love chocolate,
but our chocolate is crap.
Hershey's is the most fucked?
Like, it's so fucked.
Right?
And you think you're like, we're number one, America number one,
and then you put the Hershey's Kisses backstage,
they're always backstage,
and they taste literally like vomit,
and I'm not saying that in like a...
Not like a hyperbole way,
they just taste a bit like vomit.
And it's...
I don't know, because you have cows.
Right?
Yeah, but we pump our cows
probably full of more hormones and chemicals
and crap and stuff.
We also feed them different stuff.
We feed them bad shit.
Well, you feed them bad shit, I imagine.
You're out giving them acid tabs.
So...
I didn't hurt seagulls.
They loved it.
We all had a great time, and then we went home.
He almost got hurt
by a seagull.
Yeah, I'm the victim.
No,
you're the...
You're the big bad wolf
of that Red Riding Hood story. No, no, no.
You were a boy,
and you had a dick.
And then you were making out with a boy
who also had a dick.
Who would you want to have a bigger dick?
I did think of this
as you were discussing it.
I think it depends
on the relationship.
You don't want to know the theory.
All right, a bold stance, Pam.
No, no, no.
I'm not letting her off the...
She's amazing.
She's going to give us...
She's going to give us the spectrum of life.
What does it matter
if you're together for a long time?
You're either happy because they've got a big dick
or you're not happy because they've got a big dick,
whether it's for two years or...
To tell the truth, I haven't really
thought about it.
You've just said you thought about it.
I couldn't come up with an answer.
How about this?
This is the worst question I've ever asked anybody.
As a woman.
If you
were instantly a man,
how big would you want your dick to be?
Would you like to have just an average
right down the middle dick?
Would you want to have a big old porn dick?
Or just something kind of
easily concealable?
This is my new favorite show.
How long is our visa?
Can we get paid to do this?
I think it's over after she answers this question.
Does it really matter to you?
It matters to me.
Yes, it does.
I want to be clear about that.
The truth matters. We won't judge you
whatever the answer is.
But also you don't have to answer if you're...
You also don't have to answer. You know that, right?
Okay, gosh.
Well, you forced a drink into her hand.
All right, Mr.
Segal Whisperer is now...
It's always like...
Suddenly you're a good guy.
I'm sorry. I'm right all the time.
I can't help it.
All right, I'm trying...
Obviously you do not have to...
But big, long, expectant pause.
Okay, if I gave an answer,
I wouldn't have a good justification for it.
So I'd just be giving an answer just to...
Right.
It would be arbitrary.
It would be arbitrary, and what's the point?
Big. She wants a big one.
Exactly.
Because you need a fucking... She'd have a truck.
Right, okay. Okay, Josh.
Whatever you say.
She wants a big one.
Well, there's reasons why not.
It's painful.
But I don't want to be...
I don't know.
I'm putting the spotlight over it on myself
because you could say to a woman
if you were instantly a man, pick a dick size.
But why not just say to a guy, pick a dick size
because I have a dick size.
What would you pick? Well, you've got high five.
Happy with what you've...
I've got...
I've got incentive to focus on her needs.
That's what I've got.
I've got the big modern dick
called a reason to go down on her.
And I think...
But knowing what I know
and learning what I've learned,
I guess I'd like to have a medium-sized dick.
And I don't know what that is
because every time
there's a conversation about dick size,
I mentally flee.
I've never measured it.
All guys have a story in the States
about the time they tried to measure it.
Like, do I start with the balls and all this stuff?
I've never had the
quote-unquote balls to
take a ruler
near my groin.
I'm afraid to see the hard numbers.
What do you think the average size is?
No, with your fingers,
just what do you think an average size penis is?
I think an average size penis.
From...
from the front of the balls...
From the top of the...
from the top, not the balls.
No, wait, what do you mean?
Well, this is important.
You're in this, you're in this.
I need a woman's perspective.
I want to know if we mean from the...
So it's from the top.
From the top of the abdomen.
Like, yeah.
Welcome to the show, Pam.
Aren't you happy you're up here?
Yeah.
I'm going to decide on a length
that I think is average.
Use my arm.
Use your arm.
That's like an easy way for the perspective.
It's good.
I must have the worst pickup line ever.
Well, roll up your sleeve and I'll make the marks.
Was there a pen?
No, Mark.
Just why are you being so awkward about this?
You're a fucking adult, okay?
Just what do you think?
Wait, is it erect or flaccid?
Obviously erect.
Nobody gives a shit about your flaccid dick.
Nobody cares about your flaccid dick.
My flaccid...
If your flaccid dick is long,
you're weird in a different way.
Well, there's showers and growers.
Everyone knows that.
If you have an impressively long flaccid dick,
I feel superior to you.
Because you have some weird thing going on.
You're like an elephant, man.
Not an elephant, man.
That's not what I meant.
Thank you for holding my arm so tenderly.
All right, so I'm going to...
This is the top of my...
I'm not...
I'm just going to start with room to finish.
Dan, can I make a picture?
Just for showbiz sake.
You draw yours, Pam.
You don't look on Josh's left arm.
You draw what you think.
Fucking brilliant.
That's fucking brilliant.
That's what I do.
We got to stay in Australia
and start pitching shows.
All right.
Oh, wait.
What I'm going to do, Pam,
just to tell you my technique,
is I'll imagine this tip being his wrist.
So I'm going to make a mark at his wrist.
Pam, you did that.
No fair looking.
You have to be...
The control is that you don't know what he's doing.
Pam, while he's doing this,
you have to be mentally...
Don't smoke it out with this.
Don't smoke it out with me.
Pam, in your mind,
what you think is the medium...
...mean, median size..
This is what you think is average.
What is exactly average.
Of any man.
None of them teach women.
Of mankind.
Mankind. What you would consider
right down the middle.
The average.
Like, just, like, try to really just nail it.
So he did the hands there.
So that's the end.
And then you go back, Pam, anyway.
I mean, you're getting paid to be here.
I'm doing it for free.
Yeah.
So...
What am I going to cop after it?
We're getting a woman's perspective.
Well, it's...
No.
I hope...
I hope, madam, that's the title of this...
the title of this episode, a woman's perspective.
You're both being ridiculous.
That's true.
We are not passing the Bechdel test at this current time.
Sorry.
It's fine. It's fine.
It's probably...
I probably deserve it.
All right.
You guys are both fucked.
Like, that is not what big things are.
Well, what...
Okay.
Pam has lived a good life.
That's all we know.
Like...
Those are both too high.
And I still feel like...
I don't want to, like...
I've seen some dicks in my time, right?
And I would have seen that dick...
Twice.
Carmen is pretending.
You mean because I want people to tell me it's...
my estimate's too big because that'll make me feel better?
Is that what you mean?
Because I want to be honest and say...
This is outrageous. This is not...
I don't know.
Well, I don't understand.
This is why I don't know.
I don't know if you drew it too big out of, like...
cockiness.
Like, well, of course, they're this big because I'm this big.
No.
Or out of some clothing.
I don't know if it's like...
If I were...
He watches a lot of porn.
I'm awful.
He watches a lot of porn, Josh.
Right, right.
He's going...
Is that what's going on with Pam?
No, Pam apparently went to Italy for a while.
Alright.
That both...
are absurd.
Alright, now...
I know what Pam's is.
I'm going to roll up my sleeves and...
I'm going to have Spencer and Josh draw...
their ideal clitoris size.
Now are you happy, ma'am?
What...
Oh, you tell us what you want a woman's perspective on.
What?
Anything.
Not dicks.
I don't know.
Just, like, actually ask her a question and listen to the answer.
I asked her if she wanted a drink.
She said no and I got her a drink.
And Brisbane are the backwards ones, that's right.
Are you from Brisbane?
No, yeah.
Are you just upset because I said Brisbane is racist
and now you're trying to tell me that I'm just touching...
Somebody give her a shoot if you can.
I was up on stage...
in Brisbane.
These are just cheers.
I did a few tours there.
Dan, you asked me what I would like for the show.
Oh, are you...
Is it Louise?
Yeah, it is.
Louise.
And the first thing I thought of actually was
I would like you to be more inclusive of women on stage.
Oh.
But you wanted to...
You told them you should lose weight, didn't you?
She didn't say lose weight.
She said take care of herself.
She said take care of yourself.
Did she tell you to lose weight?
No, she said take care of yourself.
That was implied.
She's a gold star family.
Let's give her some respect.
No, she's great.
But she could have said that last time
and, you know, we would have taken it into account.
We had two women up on stage that night.
Oh, it was awesome.
I felt like, you know, it felt redundant to say that at the time.
It seems hard because, like, there's not that many women on stage now,
but I'm gay.
So it's like...
I'd like to see more racial representation.
Well, yeah.
I mean, we're SOL fans.
We're in Sydney.
It's the home of white people and two honorary Asians.
But Louise, I will say that's...
Australians.
But as you said, the night that you...
That was your first thought, it didn't apply
because you were one of two women that came up on stage.
And then the...
Right.
But it is a thing, like, women get on stage with you.
I'm sorry.
She's like the Phantom of the Opera.
I guess.
Well, if I asked her to keep talking,
and then we mock her when she talks to them,
we're like, kind of...
How did you feel about how we treated the dude that was on stage?
Because I don't feel like I was that nice to him.
But there's also two different things.
It's like, well, we brought Pam up.
I thought that was a really inspired choice on Josh's part.
And we didn't...
We didn't, like, look at Pam and go,
let's talk about dicks, baby.
Like, I don't know.
We were, like, random drunk.
But the thing is, we bring Pam up,
and it's three men who are comedians
who are like, just can't wait to get a joke.
And so we're not really giving Pam full, like, time to...
Yeah.
Ask me something, then.
Well, let's ask Pam stuff.
Yeah.
About what?
I said that.
What are you listening?
Wow.
Is he a chauvinist monster?
Fuck you.
Yeah, the race for the high road.
Pam, Pam, it gets boring real fast.
You moved here because your husband was coming
to take an acting class.
Yeah, that's right.
So that's ambitious.
Like, you didn't move her because someone had a career.
He had a possible career.
Yeah.
Did that Pam out for him?
No, he quit after a couple of years.
But he did acting for a while.
And then he did what a lot of actors do and became a teacher.
I love that you thought, oh, what?
We've got to talk about something,
and then you asked her about her husband.
No, no, no.
That's why I asked it.
Because Pam went.
Because she moved here.
You moved here because of your man.
But did you have ambitions when you came to Sydney
of your own?
An equal ambition.
But it was his getting interneited that decided it,
that gave us the positive momentum to do it.
But I was very happy to move to Sydney.
All right.
I think I can get this up to some higher ground.
It's a long time ago.
Pam, didn't you think it was romantic when Russell Crowe
took Steve Irwin's widow into his own?
Did he?
I didn't know that.
I thought I read something about that.
What did he do with her?
That's not true?
Russell Crowe and Steve Irwin's wife?
What?
What did he do?
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know what Russell Crowe has done lately.
Well, that's interesting.
What makes it back to the States?
Well, I don't think...
I didn't hear you say anything.
I didn't hear you describe an action.
I thought he was getting married to her.
To who?
Steve Irwin's widow.
Oh, okay.
No.
I'm happy to be wrong about it.
I think it's disgusting.
I was also...
I didn't have an opinion about it.
I thought it was a real thing.
I'm just worried that you think we were talking over Pam
because she's a woman.
But it's just when you bring someone on stage,
you talk over them so that they don't feel...
No, we're...
I have more questions for Pam.
We can solve this problem.
Pam.
Yes?
What do you think of these hotel rooms where the...
Where you have to have your key in a slot
in order for the fucking power to be on...
Is that green?
Or is that bullshit?
I haven't stayed in that many hotels where I've had that,
but it's something you've just got to get used to.
I presume it's for the benefit of energy saving
or something or other.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
Or that's what the Patriarchy said.
Very reasonable response.
Just going to change your behavior.
Pam, I have a question for you.
If you were in a room and there was two doors,
and in front...
Now I'm going to try and kill you.
I was going to do the labyrinth riddle.
All right, I have a question.
Pam.
They know a lot about pop culture.
No.
But we don't.
Pam.
Yes.
Do you think that passport theft is a thing in hotels?
Like, if I leave my passport on the end table,
like, what's somebody going to do?
Take my passport and then they're going to...
I don't know.
I'd never leave my passport anywhere that I did.
Yeah, I don't want to...
What do you think someone's going to do with it if...
I don't know how to be a traveler like you guys,
probably are.
You're probably staying in a hotel all the time.
Don't put yourself down like that, Pam.
Quite everywhere I am.
What is the thing that a passport thief is gaining
by stealing the passport?
Does it make fake passports?
Does this have a definite answer or are you just asking my opinion?
Yeah, just a guess.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
I guess we're all afraid of identity theft.
Right.
Can't be good for someone to have your passport.
But is a passport valuable to a stranger?
Yes.
This guy's got his hand up.
He's so excited.
There's a huge...
I like the idea that someone knows how...
No one's a boy.
You can't ask a boy.
Oh, oh, oh, okay.
Got it.
Sorry, you're not allowed.
We've had too many boys.
Okay.
All right.
Well, okay.
Pam, if you don't have an opinion about this,
I'll ask that guy, but he'll keep his seat.
Do you really want the boomerang to come back?
That's...
I understand.
Are we being racist here?
No.
You can't do anything right today.
I'm safeguarded from this.
If you internally have those compartments,
I'm just like, ha-ha, Australians.
Australians get very uncomfortable.
I think like, if the boomerang doesn't come back,
you succeeded, right, if you're a good boomerang thrower?
Yeah.
Is it supposed to hit something and then come back?
No.
Really?
The majority said no.
How can it come back?
So it's like, you have a go, you miss, it comes back,
you have a go, you miss, it comes back, you have a go,
you hit, you don't need to throw it.
So it doesn't come back.
That's what I was just saying.
So it's like, doesn't matter if it doesn't come back,
because you're finished,
because you already sell some bills.
You don't want the boomerang to come back.
How do boomerangs don't come back?
Huh.
What do they do with their drone properly?
And if you don't hit something.
If you made a boomerang with a leading edge of it,
it was like razor blades, it could go straight through
like the neck of a thing and keep coming back.
Pam.
Like odd job at Goldfinger.
We can move on.
That's clearly too controversial a topic.
You're sophisticated people.
You deserve better.
Pam.
Pam, have you downloaded Mario Run?
Oh, what?
Oh, shit.
That's not going to come back.
You're going to kill someone.
Right.
Yeah, it's not going to come back.
Read the sticker.
It comes back.
Made by Jimmy James.
Jim learned this craft from his grandfather,
who grew up among originally elders in Central Queensland,
to throw, hold vertically with rounded side facing you.
Throw with a flicking action, 30 degrees to the oncoming wind.
Made in Australia.
Everybody reach under your seat and put your safety goggles on.
They tell you to throw it in the oncoming wind.
Throw anything into oncoming wind and it'll come back.
I'm not going to do that.
Oh, shit.
Now, you guys just want me to throw, it could be a planted plant.
It's not going to...
Well, they said...
Do you have a girlfriend?
She's not going to be happy when she finds out about this guy.
Pam, she doesn't better than I do.
Pam, you don't have to have an opinion,
but you're welcome to have one.
If I were to have a baby with my girlfriend, Cody,
what do you... should we name her Forensic Heller
or Cody's Baby?
We love forensic files.
What's the last name going to be?
Cody's.
Well, Cody's Baby Harmon, I think, would be...
The last name would be Harmon. Let's just say that.
It's just Cody's.
You really got to practice saying it.
I'm also a teacher.
And you got to practice saying the name
and not end up with a name
that the kid's going to be embarrassed by
and want to change or is very similar to somebody else's.
You got to be unique but not stupid about it.
So Cody's Baby.
Pam's?
Very good at not answering questions.
What do you teach and what level?
I teach high school.
Really? How many years?
How many years have I been teaching?
Too many to add up.
You're not teaching math, apparently.
No, I don't teach math.
Wait, so that...
Okay, Barry, the lead, you're a teacher.
We had a teacher up last night.
You didn't just steal his job idea, did you?
No.
So how old is the oldest kid you're teaching?
Probably 17.
So you've seen the worst of humanity.
You've had every reason to turn your back on it.
No, I don't see it like that.
Well, what's your secret? How do you not see it like that?
Because you're there with them.
Is that the secret? If we knew them, we wouldn't be afraid of them?
I teach subjects that most kids like learning.
What do you teach?
I teach design and technology.
Oh, cool.
Which is not learning how to fix computers and stuff.
It's using technology for design.
Oh, okay.
So they're coming in in a good mood.
Yeah, they do. They enjoy the lessons.
But they still disrespect you if they felt lack of...
You're dealing with pubescent primates.
Yeah, I'm pretty used to it now.
You're quite a hard guest because we really want some pain and some misery.
But every time I ask a question, it sort of seems quite nice.
All your answers are really lovely.
You want me to be in pain and misery?
Probably, yeah.
I have some sort of nitty gritty like,
oh, no, my husband would be good, wouldn't it?
He doesn't know I'm here. I know that.
I support him and I like my job.
It's sort of hard for comedy, isn't it, when someone's happy?
I might be acting.
Well, usually what we do...
I'll go like, oh, who's having a terrible time tonight?
But we don't want them to come up and talk about how terrible things are.
I think we hope for, like, silver linings and things.
Obviously, the terrible thing that happened is she was yanked up here,
and the silver lining is that she's quite happy, so that's already worked.
It's worked. It provided me with a good job.
If you want to go, if you don't feel comfortable, you could definitely go.
Yeah, we don't want to make you uncomfortable.
You should've went somebody else up.
Do you regret me picking you?
No.
As it's been a good experience?
Yeah, fine.
I hope so.
It's not...
Pam, I hope so.
Yeah, yeah, I'm pleased to have met you.
That's amazing.
Pam, Josh and I are gonna...
This is how we're gonna...
You work in the theatre because you love it.
You've seen shows here, there's shows you haven't seen here.
Is there a theatrical performance that Josh and Jeff and I can do
that would, like, fulfill your fantasies?
Like, what hasn't shown here or whether it's...
You can either pitch something new or...
You mean you perform it?
Right.
But don't imagine me performing it.
Imagine what you'd like to see and then I'll ruin it.
God.
There's always Shakespeare.
Right, okay.
Done.
Done and done.
You should know I'm not educated.
That's because you're from Brisbane.
Oh.
I will clear this opera house.
I just saw that girl that got so mad at me before climbing.
Yeah.
You guys...
Yeah, well, yeah.
Anything you like that Pam does, I made happen.
He's the Phil Spector of Pam.
Right, he discovered her.
He made her.
When he found her, she was just over there in the darkness.
But, you know, anything you would like to see,
you don't have to...
Don't try to confine yourself to my dumb game.
She said Shakespeare.
Right, well, okay.
You're right.
She did and I forgot because I'm drunk.
Okay.
Anything specific?
What's your favorite Shakespeare production?
Oh, there's been a really good Othello here.
That one just came.
That's perfect for Dan.
Oh, yeah.
You weren't saying that she hasn't seen, right?
It's like the one that you have seen.
Because, yeah, I know...
Let's just do Othello.
Okay, I don't know anything about Othello.
Well, I know Josh does.
Josh is a huge Shakespeare buff.
All right, well, let's do our version of Othello.
We don't...
I'll guess.
Do you know the story?
What's that?
Oh, yeah, Pam.
Yeah, Pam, tell us the story.
Yeah.
If you give us a log line of Othello, can you?
Can you give us a kind of elevator pitch?
Oh, it's a quite...
I can't be quite...
I'm going to walk Pam back to her seat.
I don't want to have to...
She's going to give us the goddamn description of the story,
and then she's going to take your seat and enjoy the most...
I think Pam should play Desdemona in this.
I think we should...
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
No, don't...
Okay, you want to lead up line.
Yeah, just like set the stage for Othello.
He can't be trusted.
Othello.
I think he's having it off with my wife.
Okay.
Well, I want to play...
Let's have a hand for Pam, everybody.
Pam?
All right.
Oh.
Iago.
How...
How beefy on this fine morrow.
I'm good, Othello.
I...
Ah, she's well met...
Ah, Desdemona.
Jesus, Jesus Christ.
Desdemona, my beautiful wife.
The wife...
No, I'm not the wife.
Yes.
The fuck if I say you are my wife.
The wife, true as true can be.
Yeah.
True as true to me, as fidelity can possibly also be...
I'm going to leave Iago.
Don't be an asshole and fuck shit up for me.
Oh.
So anyway, so...
Desdemona.
I can't do sex with you
because I'm the wife of that guy.
The wife of that guy.
Yeah.
A pittance of phrasing.
For what is of what and of what will have thou?
Aye.
Will not the moon be of the sun?
Yeah.
Shall not the sun have an earth?
Will not the body of heaven?
I tell you what, I tell you what.
Did you stop it?
I'll suck it.
Apox is born on this...
Fortnite.
That's it.
Curse me for loving it so.
Oh!
Oh, Fi!
Fi, foul, handkerchief, proof that my...
My what?
Are we in the scene or are we...
I was doing a different scene over here.
Okay, okay, okay.
Over here.
I didn't take...
I didn't take any proof.
I think he actually knows that one.
No, fuck it.
Okay.
Do your own scene.
No, come on, don't!
No, come on!
It's called a fellow.
It's not called two dickheads.
Oh, no!
Come on!
What the...
Guys are being...
I put my foot in it because I thought...
Whose name's in the fucking marquee?
Well, there was a scene.
It's called a fellow.
All right, so, then, ten years later...
Am I pregnant?
Not over ten years, probably.
Desdemona!
You remember me?
You suck my dick!
Yeah.
Okay.
I know you can hear me!
Yeah.
I'm a little garbage man now!
You suck my dick!
Can't you see?
Ha, ha!
Leak, leak, leak!
Wait, I mean...
It's an American car.
I apologize for an invisible car.
I don't know what's shining on me.
I feel a bit sort of objectified.
And I don't...
It's new for me.
I feel a bit sort of...
I sucked it.
I remember that happening.
I do.
Oh, my godness, you did!
But just because I...
Keep talking!
You were monologue about it!
Just because I sucked it then
doesn't mean I want to suck it now.
Because I'm my own...
I'm a strong, independent woman.
Hi.
Hi, guys.
Oh, the master approaches.
Yes. Hello.
Oh!
Foul handkerchief.
Scented with the spilled beer of Pamela.
I can't believe it sat here for ten long years.
Well, I was pushed to the periphery
of my own story.
Oh, it's hard keeping the guys at this hair castle.
All the thundercoats back at you down that under.
Oh, me comic relief will be studied
in high school and no one will think it's funny,
but I'll be an example of comic relief.
You'll be taught what I'm doing is comedy.
Oh, Desdemona, I hope I did not break your iPhone
when I threw the foul handkerchief.
Okay, it's all good. It's all good.
No, we quite literally smashed my iPhone,
but it's been worth it.
As long as Pam's happy.
Also, I think I'm kind of a black guy as well.
Desdemona!
Now, honestly, it's all for being a woman.
I get why she's so annoyed.
It's horrible.
I'm coming up!
I agree you should make love to me!
No, don't assume me.
It is as the constellations twirl
on the impenetrable finger of the gods of the action.
I am here to permit to myself the duty upon which
is to defile and conquer thee from love.
Where is the recipient of my giant hardon?
Who will cushion the blow of my burden?
I, who was born from vagina,
now cursed to walk the earth as penis,
must seek again vagina to take my day.
Forsooth.
The gods send a man?
I, just a lowly control of that may have to end the show
with musical notes.
I'm still pretty sad about my phone, actually.
Were you reimbursed that?
Yeah, we have insurance.
Did it really get broken?
It's not broken.
He's just being whiny now.
No, the screen smashed.
It's not smashed.
If I look.
Let's not end the night with victim blaming.
I think we'd make great leaps forward tonight.
Gently, gently this time. Please, please gently.
Okay, oh god.
Yeah, it's...
It's smashed, okay.
Yeah.
It's fine, I get them for free.
I do dance for Optus.
I do get them for free, yeah.
Seriously.
I'll send an email.
They're in the show with that, or do they?
The Australian Commonwealth is entitled to their rap.
I think so.
The rhymes for the word Australia, you won't believe.
Failure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If the planet was a ball, Australia would be smaller.
Smaller ball, on the ball.
You're on the ball in Australia, y'all.
Australia, y'all.
Yo, Australia, genitalia.
I'll never fail you.
Put a pin in it.
Fuck New Zealand.
Fuck New Zealand, I assume.
Oh, what do they think they're doing?
They think they're gonna be down under?
They don't understand.
Australia's down under.
Fuck New Zealand.
They sound weird to you.
I assume, I assume, I assume.
Sydney's been good from coast to coast.
Australia's like a big piece of toast.
It's got peanut butter on it and chocolate, too.
I fucked your mama so hard, she said,
how do you do? I said, hello, how are you going?
That's what they say down here.
I fucked your mama, I'm slowing down.
It's just to fuck her even harder.
I fucked her so hard, they called my dick a yarder too long.
I fucked her for a song with Madonna, Billabong.
I fucked your mama.
Thank you for coming to Harmer's Down, everybody.
Thank you for coming to Harmer's Down.
Let's hear it for Josh Thomas.
The wonderful, the provocative.
My good friend Lee Lanay, thank you for coming up on stage.
And the woman of the hour, Pam.
Spencer Crittenden did.
I'm Jeff Davis, your mayor.
Once again, it's Harmon, Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much. We've really enjoyed our stay here.
What a wonderful country. We can't wait to come back.
Thank you everyone here at the Sydney Opera House.
Alice, our tour manager, Dustin Marshall on sound.
Kris Boruff, our director of technological wizard.
Drive fast, take chances. We love you.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
I just learned that break a leg here is chukas.
Yes.
Does anyone know the origin of that?
You'll have chicken tonight.
Wait.
But you call chicken chukas.
Chukas, chukas, chukas.
All right, you guys are a country of weirdos.